this is Frank McDowell my old TV station
live in Sydney Nova Scotia very cold air
is headed towards lane to torch it on
Thursday februari 19th 2050 temperatures
will be going around minus 1 degrees
Celsius este time I it's gonna be like
minus 10 degrees Celsius with the
windchill it's going to break very windy
conditions that's gonna bring very cold
air ball all the way down the Atlanta
Georgia and a very cold where we'll
start on Wednesday februari 18 2015 darn
evening hours and temperature will go
down to minus 20 with the wind chill n
minus tan without the windchill NE
atlanta georgia it's gonna be real cold
temperatures since the arctic air come
all the way from Canada thanks kuler
drive to very cold arctic air all the
way down the southeastern United States
including Georgia Amelia to George as
well it's going to be real cold
temperatures going to be very cold
temperatures very windy and cold for
related to Georgia and its surrounding
areas as well since the arctic air will
be going all the way down the Atlanta
Georgia on Thursday februari 219 2015
people into Georgia be prepared if your
winter jackets ready hats gloves ready
because it's gonna be very cold the
Atlanta Georgia and rest of state of
Georgia swell drank lots of green tea
white tea red tea drank lots greatttt
war for people in the late Georgia when
you go for what where are your warm
clothes warm pants warm shirt to wear
your winter jackets had to close where
to go for a walk for people in from
Atlanta Georgia if your furnace is ready
turn on your first just keep the house
warm if you're an extra blankets ready
since it's gonna be very cold
temperatures start on Wednesday februari
dat 2015 13 hours a very cold air will
continue on to Thursday
favorite 19 2015 during daytime is gonna
be extremely cold with very cold
temperatures with mine is Tang with wind
chills daytime high for Atlanta Georgia
and surrounding areas as well i won
everybody atlanta georgia and rest of
georgia to be prepared for it very cold
weather on Thursday februari 19 2015 for
painful affiliates Georgia and
surrounding areas if there's anybody
left lane to Georgia been preparing for
very cold air on Thursday februari 19
2015 best doctor people in Georgia
people pay for very cold weather on
Thursday take care stay safe don't get
too cold stay warm be safe